let's love your car thank you sir that's
beautiful I mean you had hide in the
barn down there need to talk that's
beautiful
what to do it away yet but she red red
Ram that's what my brother's hurting my
brother had one of these in high school
that's when he had his red rim dodge Oh
like seeing an old friend again it's an
awful lot of fun yeah really you should
think of those they sleep
yeah that'll get your attention through
the trick this you know dodge and
Packard had it for a couple of years
this is not going to be the color see
the black yeah black hood put is black
and down to scoop it but this one is
going to be black on the top yellow in
the middle and cream on the bottom the
chrome the chrome separate so it
probably separates everything yeah and
the hood the toppings wouldn't be yellow
yeah another orange a yellow
like sunshine yellow I don't worry about
anything in here all this that's all
still good handles they'll be done this
stuff I've had off already all this
chrome that's on there yeah except for
this movie
nice to meet you leo nine down there and
I think you guys yeah I managed to me
yeah I figured down there the other day
yes
look at that thing go
see that car in my Ford they just belong
in the same in the same neighborhood you
know I'll even come on that present yeah
see this